to be more accurate Toki didn't have
much of a problem with the river
it was sambal the one with the white tip
on his tail who most of the time was
proving to be the leader when it came to
dealing with trouble who seized up when
he was faced with even the most modest
of streams
it was extraordinary to witness the
strength of the bond between the
brothers taki wouldn't dream of leaving
sambal behind instead he made his way
back as a bit of encouragement for
sambal their close relationship would be
increasingly important as they began to
live a wild existence they could
cooperate when it came to hunting and
together they'd keep an eye out for
danger
takis encouragement obviously helped
because now sambal finally plucked up
the courage to have a go at crossing the
stream and made a pig's ear of it taki
showed him how it should be done
you